#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   redis
backcall==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
build==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
celery==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
    #   flower
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==36.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
dadata==21.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==4.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
dj-rest-auth==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-admin-numeric-filter
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-sesame
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
django-admin-list-filter-dropdown==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-numeric-filter==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-rangefilter==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-beat==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celerybeat-status==0.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cookies-samesite==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-mptt
django-json-widget==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-light==0.1.0.post3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sesame==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==17.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   factory-boy
flower==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-json-widget
genshi==0.7.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   relatorio
geographiclib==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopy
geopy==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dadata
humanize==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
inject==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
kombu==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
levenshtein==0.20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-levenshtein
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   relatorio
markdown==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
msal==1.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   shapely
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
pandas==1.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   msal
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
python-crontab==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
python-levenshtein==0.20.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   flower
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
rapidfuzz==2.13.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   levenshtein
redis==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
relatorio==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   msal
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ruamel-yaml
sentry-sdk==1.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tzwhere
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   click-repl
    #   genshi
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
thefuzz==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
tzdata==2022.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
tzwhere==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cookies-samesite
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.41.3
    # via pip-tools
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
xlsxwriter==3.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
zope-interface==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
